iabbrev @@ mail@jandamm.de

cabbrev git !git

" Abolish {despa,sepe}rat{e,es,ed,ing,ely,ion,ions,or}  {despe,sepa}rat{}
iabbrev desparate desperate
iabbrev Desparate Desperate
iabbrev DESPARATE DESPERATE

iabbrev desparates desperates
iabbrev Desparates Desperates
iabbrev DESPARATES DESPERATES

iabbrev desparated desperated
iabbrev Desparated Desperated
iabbrev DESPARATED DESPERATED

iabbrev desparating desperating
iabbrev Desparating Desperating
iabbrev DESPARATING DESPERATING

iabbrev desparately desperately
iabbrev Desparately Desperately
iabbrev DESPARATELY DESPERATELY

iabbrev desparation desperation
iabbrev Desparation Desperation
iabbrev DESPARATION DESPERATION

iabbrev desparations desperations
iabbrev Desparations Desperations
iabbrev DESPARATIONS DESPERATIONS

iabbrev desparator desperator
iabbrev Desparator Desperator
iabbrev DESPARATOR DESPERATOR

iabbrev seperate separate
iabbrev Seperate Separate
iabbrev SEPERATE SEPARATE

iabbrev seperates separates
iabbrev Seperates Separates
iabbrev SEPERATES SEPARATES

iabbrev seperated separated
iabbrev Seperated Separated
iabbrev SEPERATED SEPARATED

iabbrev seperating separating
iabbrev Seperating Separating
iabbrev SEPERATING SEPARATING

iabbrev seperately separately
iabbrev Seperately Separately
iabbrev SEPERATELY SEPARATELY

iabbrev seperation separation
iabbrev Seperation Separation
iabbrev SEPERATION SEPARATION

iabbrev seperations separations
iabbrev Seperations Separations
iabbrev SEPERATIONS SEPARATIONS

iabbrev seperator separator
iabbrev Seperator Separator
iabbrev SEPERATOR SEPARATOR


